DID Daffodil aternational University Teacher Initial Department/Program........ BSC In CSE Signature of Invigilator Examination: Mid-term/Final Semester: Spring/Summer/Fall :...2.01.9. ID Number :..1.72-15-1543 ... ... ...... Course Title:... Statistics Course Code:....... CSE- 123 Section:.P.C.. A( ffDate: Q4 09:19 Read the instruction's carefully and follow them strictly: 1. Every student must write his/her ID number, section, Semester, Course Title and Course Code clearly in the Question Respective place. Marks No. Full Marks Obtained 2. Every student may use additional answer sheets, if 1. needed, but he/she must write his/her ID number and other particulars clearly and get them attached with 2. the original answer script duly signed by the Invigilator. 3. 3. Students, if found with any objectionable paper under 4. their possession, shall be debarred from appearing in the examination. 5. 6. 4. Students must Maintain silence and follow strict discipline in the examination Hall. 7. 8. 5. Cell phone is strictly prohibited in the examination Hall. 9. 6. No student will be allowed to enter the examination 10 hall Half an hour after the examination has started. 11. 7. Students must sign in the attendance sheet before leaving the examination Hall. 12. 13. 8. Students will not be allowed to go outside the examination Hall during the examination. 14 9. Student must not write anything on the question 15 paper, desk, chair, walls of the examination Hall. 10. For any matter pertaining to smooth conduct of Total 25 20 examination not mentioned above, the decision of the Invigilator/Hall in-charge shall be considered final. Signature of Examiner OOO SHOT ON MI 9T AI TRIPLE CAMERA



University Teacher Initial Department/Program...... Business Administration Signature of Invigilator Examination: Mid-term/Final ID Number : . 161- 11- 286 Semester: Spring/Summer/Fall : 2019 Course Title: Accounting Course Code:. Ace - 301 Section:PC - A I...Date:.04.11.19 Read the instruction's carefully and follow them strictly: 1. Every student must write his/herID number section, Semester, Course Title and Course Code clearly in the Respective place. Question No. Marks Full Marks Obtained 2. Every student may use additional answer sheets, if needed, but he/she must write his/her ID number and 1. other particulars clearly and get them attached with 2, the original answer script duly signed by the Invigilator. 3 3. Students, if found with any objectionable paper under 4 their possession, shall be debarred from appearing in the examination. 5, 6. 4. Students must Maintain silence and follow strict discipline in the examination Hall. 7. 8. 5. Cell phone is strictly prohibited in the examination Hall. 9. 6. No student will be allowed to enter the examination hall Half an hour after the examination has started. 10 11. 7. Students must sign in the attendance sheet before leaving the examination Hall. 12. 13 8. Students will not be allowed to go outside the examination Hall during the examination. 14 15. 9. Student must not write anything on the question paper, desk, chair, walls of the examination Hall. 10. For any matter pertaining to smooth conduct of Total 25 16 examination not mentioned above, the decision of the Invigilator/Hall in-charge shall be considered final. Sutian Signature of Examiner OOO SHOT ON MI 9T AI TRIPLE CAMERA



undefined Daffodil University Teacher Initial Department/Program..!...... BSC in COE Signature of Invigilator Examination: Mid-term/Final Semester: Spring/Summer/Fall :.. ID Number : ........!6-15- 883 Course Title:.....Hello . @SE- 112 Course Code:............................... Section :.P.C - B ..Date:.... Read the instruction's carefully and follow them strictly: 1. Every student must write his/her ID number, section, Semester, Course Title and Course Code clearly in the Question Respective place. Marks No. Full Marks Obtained 2. Every student may use additional answer sheets, if 1. needed, but he/she must write his/her ID number and other particulars clearly and get them attached with 2. the original answer script duly signed by the Invigilator. 3. 3. Students, if found with any objectionable paper under 4. their possession, shall be debarred from appearing in the examination. 5. 6. 4. Students must Maintain silence and follow strict discipline in the examination Hall. 7. 8 5. Cell phone is strictly prohibited in the examination Hall. 9. 6. No student will be allowed to enter the examination 10. hall Half an hour after the examination has started. 11 7. Students must sign in the attendance sheet before 12. leaving the examination Hall. 13. 8. Students will not be allowed to go outside the examination Hall during the examination. 14. 15. 9. Student must not write anything on the question paper, desk, chair, walls of the examination Hall. Total 25 20 10. For any matter pertaining to smooth conduct of examination not mentioned above, the decision of the ge shall be considered final. Invigilator/SHOT ON MIST OOO AI TRIPLE CAMERA Signature of Examiner




undefined DIV Daffodil University Teacher Initial B.SC in BER Department/Program..........:4. Signature of Invigilator Examination: Mid-term/Final Semester: Spring/Summer/Fall :. 2019. ..... 183-33-819 ID Number : ........" Course Title: Signal and system . EBB- 224 Course Code:......./... . 04 - 11 - 2010 Section :. ?<-....Date:............ Read the instruction's carefully and follow them strictly: 1. Every student must write his/her ID number, section, Semester, Course Title and Course Code clearly in the Question Marks Respective place. No. Full Marks Obtained 2. Every student may use additional answer sheets, if 1. needed, but he/she must write his/her ID number and other particulars clearly and get them attached with 2. the original answer script duly signed by the Invigilator. 3. 3. Students, if found with any objectionable paper under 4. their possession, shall be debarred from appearing in the examination. 5 . 6 . 4. Students must Maintain silence and follow strict discipline in the examination Hall. 7. 8. 5. Cell phone is strictly prohibited in the examination Hall. 9. 6. No student will be allowed to enter the examination 10 hall Half an hour after the examination has started. 11. 7. Students must sign in the attendance sheet before leaving the examination Hall. 12. 13 8. Students will not be allowed to go outside the examination Hall during the examination. 14 9. Student must not write anything on the question 15. paper, desk, chair, walls of the examination Hall. 10. For any matter pertaining to smooth conduct of Total 25 examination not mentioned above, the decision of the Invigilator/Hall in-charge shall be considered final. OOO SHOT ON MI 9T AI TRIPLE CAMERA Signature of Examiner




undefined DI Daffodil University Teacher Initial Department/Program....... Business administration Signature of Invigilator Examination: Mid-term/Final 161-41-286 Semester: Spring/Summer/Fall :....... ID Number : ... Course code:..F.. IN - 202 Section :....... 09.11. 19 Pe - Date :. . . Read the instruction's carefully and follow them strictly: 1. Every student must write his/her ID number, section, Semester, Course Title and Course Code clearly in the Question Respective place. Marks No. Full Marks Obtained 2. Every student may use additional answer sheets, if 1. needed, but he/she must write his/her ID number and other particulars clearly and get them attached with 2. the original answer script duly signed by the Invigilator. 3. 3. Students, if found with any objectionable paper under 4. their possession, shall be debarred from appearing in 5. the examination. 6. 4. Students must Maintain silence and follow strict discipline in the examination Hall. 7. 8 . 5. Cell phone is strictly prohibited in the examination Hall. 9 . 6. No student will be allowed to enter the examination 10 hall Half an hour after the examination has started. 11. 7. Students must sign in the attendance sheet before 12 . leaving the examination Hall. 13 8. Students will not be allowed to go outside the 14. examination Hall during the examination. 15 9. Student must not write anything on the question paper, desk, chair, walls of the examination Hall. Total 25 05 10. For any matter pertaining to smooth conduct of examination not mentioned above, the decision of the Invigilator/Hall in-charge shall be considered final. OOO SHOT ON MI 9T AI TRIPLE CAMERA Signature of Examiner



undefined DU Daffodil University Teacher Initial Department/Program.... B. SC in TE Signature of Invigilator Examination: Mid-term/Final Semester: Spring/Summer/Fall : ...... ID Number : 191-23-681 Course Title:..... Course Code: TE - 132 . .. ..... PC - B Section:...Date....... Read the instruction's carefully and follow them strictly: 1. Every student must write his/her ID number, section, Semester, Course Title and Course Code clearly in the Respective place. Question Marks No. Full Marks Obtained 2. Every student may use additional answer sheets, if needed, but he/she must write his/her ID number and 1. other particulars clearly and get them attached with 2 . the original answer script duly signed by the Invigilator. 13 . 3. Students, if found with any objectionable paper under 4 . their possession, shall be debarred from appearing in the examination. 5 . 6 . 4. Students must Maintain silence and follow strict discipline in the examination Hall. 7. 8. 5. Cell phone is strictly prohibited in the examination Hall. 9. 6. No student will be allowed to enter the examination hall Half an hour after the examination has started. 10 11. 7. Students must sign in the attendance sheet before leaving the examination Hall. 12 13 8. Students will not be allowed to go outside the examination Hall during the examination. 14 9. Student must not write anything on the question 15 paper, desk, chair, walls of the examination Hall. 42 10. For any matter pertaining to smooth conduct of Total 50 examination not mentioned above, the decision of the Invigilator/Hall in-charge shall be considered final. OOO SHOT ON MI 9T Signature of Examiner AI TRIPLE CAMERA




undefined DU Daffodil International University Teacher Initial TE Department/Program........ Signature of Invigilator Examination: Mid-term/Final 191-23-638 Semester: Spring/Summer/Fall :.. . .. . .... ID Number : ...... Course Title:....... . TE ( 133 ) Course Code:........ .PC - C Section :.. ... ............. Date:............ .. . ........ Read the instruction's carefully and follow them strictly: 1. Every student must write his/her ID number, section, Semester, Course Title and Course Code clearly in the Respective place. Question Marks No. Full Marks Obtained 2. Every student may use additional answer sheets, if 1. needed, but he/she must write his/her ID number and other particulars clearly and get them attached with 2. the original answer script duly signed by the Invigilator. 3. 3. Students, if found with any objectionable paper under 4. their possession, shall be debarred from appearing in the examination. 5. 6. 4. Students must Maintain silence and follow strict discipline in the examination Hall. 7. 8. 5. Cell phone is strictly prohibited in the examination Hall. 9. 6. No student will be allowed to enter the examination 10 hall Half an hour after the examination has started. 11 7. Students must sign in the attendance sheet before leaving the examination Hall. 12 . 13 8. Students will not be allowed to go outside the examination Hall during the examination. 14 15. 9. Student must not write anything on the question paper, desk, chair, walls of the examination Hall. 35 10. For any matter pertaining to smooth conduct of Total 50 examination not mentioned above, the decision of the /HSHOT ON MI 9 Toe considered final. AI TRIPLE CAMERA Signature of Examiner



undefined Daffodil nternationa University Teacher Initial Department / Program ... Signature of Invigilator Examination: Mid-term/Final Semester: Spring/Summer/Fall :..." 191-23-691 ID Number : ........." Course Code:. TE 132 Section:.PC - C ................... Date:.............. Read the instruction's carefully and follow them strictly: 1. Every student must write his/her ID number, section, Semester, Course Title and Course Code clearly in the Question Respective place. Marks No. Full Marks Obtained 2. Every student may use additional answer sheets, if 1. needed, but he/she must write his/her ID number and other particulars clearly and get them attached with 2 . the original answer script duly signed by the Invigilator. 3. 3. Students, if found with any objectionable paper under 4. their possession, shall be debarred from appearing in the examination. 5. 6. 4. Students must Maintain silence and follow strict discipline in the examination Hall. 7. 8. 5. Cell phone is strictly prohibited in the examination Hall. 9. 6. No student will be allowed to enter the examination hall Half an hour after the examination has started. 10. 11. 7. Students must sign in the attendance sheet before leaving the examination Hall. 12. 13. 8. Students will not be allowed to go outside the examination Hall during the examination. 14. 9. Student must not write anything on the question 15. paper, desk, chair, walls of the examination Hall. 10. For any matter pertaining to smooth conduct of Total 50 40 examination not mentioned above, the decision of the Invigilator/Hall in-charge shall be considered final. OOO SHOT ON MI 9T AI TRIPLE CAMERA Signature of Examiner



undefined Daffodil nternationa University Teacher Initial Department/Program ..... Signature of Invigilator Examination: Mid-term/Final ID Number:191-23-695 Semester: Spring/Summer/Fall :.........". Course Title:....." TE ( 133 ) Course Code:.... Section :.. PC - C .. Date:.... . ... ..... Read the instruction's carefully and follow them strictly: 1. Every student must write his/her ID number, section, Semester, Course Title and Course Code clearly in the Respective place. Question Marks No. Full Marks Obtained 2. Every student may use additional answer sheets, if needed, but he/she must write his/her ID number and 1. other particulars clearly and get them attached with 2. the original answer script duly signed by the Invigilator. 3. 3. Students, if found with any objectionable paper under 4. their possession, shall be debarred from appearing in the examination. 5. 6. 4. Students must Maintain silence and follow strict discipline in the examination Hall. 7. 8 5. Cell phone is strictly prohibited in the examination Hall. 9 . 6. No student will be allowed to enter the examination hall Half an hour after the examination has started. 10. 11 7. Students must sign in the attendance sheet before leaving the examination Hall. 12. 13 8. Students will not be allowed to go outside the examination Hall during the examination. 14 15 9. Student must not write anything on the question paper, desk, chair, walls of the examination Hall. Total 50 10. For any matter pertaining to smooth conduct of 40 examination not mentioned above, the decision of the Invigilator/Hall in-charge shall be considered final. OOO SHOT ON MI 9T Signature of Examiner AI TRIPLE CAMERA





undefined International University Teacher Initial Department/Program.. I.F.. .... Signature of Invigilator Examination: Mid-term/Final Semester: Spring/Summer/Fall : ......" ID Number: 191-23-624 Course Title:.. ..... Course Code:.T.F. (1.3.3). Section: P.Ci. B. . Date : ................ Read the instruction's carefully and follow them strictly: 1. Every student must write his/her ID number, section, Semester, Course Title and Course Code clearly in the Respective place. Question Marks No. Full Marks Obtained 2. Every student may use additional answer sheets, if needed, but he/she must write his/her ID number and 1. other particulars clearly and get them attached with 2. the original answer script duly signed by the Invigilator. 3 . 3. Students, if found with any objectionable paper under 4. their possession, shall be debarred from appearing in the examination. 5 . 6. 4. Students must Maintain silence and follow strict discipline in the examination Hall. 7. 8. 5. Cell phone is strictly prohibited in the examination Hall. 9 6. No student will be allowed to enter the examination 10 hall Half an hour after the examination has started 11. 7. Students must sign in the attendance sheet before leaving the examination Hall. 12 . 13. 8. Students will not be allowed to go outside the examination Hall during the examination. 14. 15 9. Student must not write anything on the question paper, desk, chair, walls of the examination Hall. 10. For any matter pertaining to smooth conduct of Total 50 40 examination not mentioned above, the decision of the Invigilator/Hall in-charge shall be considered final. Signature of Examiner OOO SHOT ON MI 9T AI TRIPLE CAMERA